the classic of Spanish football is a
party seen by millions of people
throughout the world and that paralyzes all
the nation nothing can prepare a
footballer to play this game
which is reserved for the best
planet players some
protagonists like iker casillas and xavi
Hernández knows perfectly well what
they will find in santiago bernabéu
this Saturday since they have played more than
30 classics in all his life but for
several members of the current
templates of both teams will be the
first experience in the best match
Planet Soccer
in the goal blaugrana both ter
stegen that presumably will live it
from the bench as Claudio recorded
they will be new actors in this movie
in fact a great focus will be placed
about the Chilean goalkeeper who arrives at the
bernabéu without conceding a goal so far
of the league surpassing the record of
unbeatable at the start of the season
it was something extremely important a little
linked to the short time that I have been here is
something also that motivates me a lot
it generates a lot of vision generates hunger
also in terms of expectations of
future but but it does not move me away from the center
of the focus that I have today that is
keep my level keep me competing
try to support the team what more
can and a little is at the base of
universally
the Chilean will have to show his best
version to prolong that streak of
minutes without receiving a goal since in
front will have nothing more and nothing less than
the most outstanding scorer of the current
league bbv a cristiano ronaldo who
will seek to add targets to its tremendous figure
of 15 goals this season
another goalkeeper who will witness his first
classic will be that the navas although as
in the case of ter stegen the
Costa Rican has all the ballots
to live the emotion and tension of
these games from the bench
madridista
and hanging the ball to beat
one of the most questioned areas in the
culé set last season was the
defense and precisely that's why the
sports management work hard in
summer to reinforce the rearguard of
this way came from valencia jeremy
nobody in case of contesting the meeting
the French will not only have to deal with
the nerves and the pressure of the stands
white but will have to face
to one of the most fearsome front of the
world
in this line of the field they have also
arrived douglas and thomas vermaelen
although one for technical decisions and
another due to injury have not counted for Luis
enrique this season
in the middle of the field there will be a duel
unpublished between ivan rakitic and toni kroos
the two players are responsible for
take the helm of their respective
equipment and how they are handled will have a lot
what to see in the final result the Croatian
apart with the advantage of having
faced the realmadrid in numerous
occasions in his stage as a sevillista
but a madrid-barça is a world
completely different
the azulgrana canterano rafinha who has
returned after a journey in the Celtic
vigo is also new in this clash
the demanding hobbies of real madrid
and fc.barcelona reserve their positions
regarding the new signings to their
returns in the classics a
good season can be forgotten in a
instant with a bad performance like
that good performance can do
forget a gray season
a footballer who will have to approve his
particular exam will be jaime rodríguez
the star signing of the summer will have
that prove their quality in the match
largest in the world if you want to avoid
the murmurs of the bernabéu
the same opportunity is given in the
Catalan side to Luis Suarez after four
months of sanction the Uruguayan will return to
dispute an official meeting and that
best way to present yourself to your
new hobby that with a performance
determinant against the eternal rival
chicharito can try the shot
the 'chicharito' hernández and the
Barça players very lisandro
they will also seek to be recorded in the
history of the classics being what
they know how to score goals
and finally the bench of the fc
barcelona will be occupied by a figure who
knows better than anyone what it is
dispute these matches
luís enrique has played and scored with
both shirts but it premieres in the
bench in a madrid-barça